feat(README) : Add info over how to do the releases (AEROGEAR-9372) (#160)
aerogear/mobile-security-service: README.adoc

* https://golang.org/[Golang] - Programming language used
* https://echo.labstack.com/[Echo] - Web framework used

== Release

Following the steps

> * Create a new tag following the http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html[semver]. Following an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new tag following the http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html[semver], for example:
```

Author: Done.

[source,shell]
----
$ git tag -a 0.1.0 -m "version 0.1.0"
----

> * Push the new tag to the upstream repository.  Following an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Push the new tag to the upstream repository, for example:
```

Author: Done.

[source,shell]
----
$ git push upstream 0.1.0
----

* Update the the link:./CHANGELOG.MD[CHANGELOG.MD] with the new release.

> NOTE: The image with the tag will be created and pushed to https://quay.io/repository/aerogear/mobile-security-service[quay.io/repository/aerogear/mobile-security-service] by the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The image with the tag will be created and pushed to the https://quay.io/repository/aerogear/mobile-security-service[aerogear image repository] by the CI.
```

Author: ddone

> WARNING: Do not use letters in the tag as `v`. It will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Do not use letters in the tag such as `v`. It will not work.
```

Author: Done.
